README.rst, before:

=============
Aldryn Search
=============

This package provides a search indexes for easy Haystack 2 integration with django CMS.

Contributing
============

This is a an open-source project. We'll be delighted to receive your
feedback in the form of issues and pull requests. Before submitting your
pull request, please review our `contribution guidelines
<http://docs.django-cms.org/en/latest/contributing/index.html>`_.

We're grateful to all contributors who have helped create and maintain this package.
Contributors are listed at the `contributors <https://github.com/divio/aldryn-search/graphs/contributors>`_
section.

Usage
=====

After installing aldryn-search through your package manager of choice, add ``aldryn_search`` to your
``INSTALLED_APPS``. If you run a multilingual CMS setup, you have to define a haystack backend for every language
in use::

    HAYSTACK_CONNECTIONS = {
        'en': {
            'ENGINE': 'haystack.backends.solr_backend.SolrEngine',
            'URL': 'http://my-solr-server/solr/my-site-en/',
            'TIMEOUT': 60 * 5,
            'INCLUDE_SPELLING': True,
            'BATCH_SIZE': 100,
        },
        'fr': {
            'ENGINE': 'haystack.backends.solr_backend.SolrEngine',
            'URL': 'http://my-solr-server/solr/my-site-fr/',
            'TIMEOUT': 60 * 5,
            'INCLUDE_SPELLING': True,
            'BATCH_SIZE': 100,
        },
    }

To make sure the correct backend is used during search, add ``aldryn_search.router.LanguageRouter`` to your
``HAYSTACK_ROUTERS`` setting::

    HAYSTACK_ROUTERS = ['aldryn_search.router.LanguageRouter',]



When using multiple languages, usually there's one search backend per language, when indexing it's important to know
which language is currently being used, this can be facilitated by the ``ALDRYN_SEARCH_LANGUAGE_FROM_ALIAS`` setting,
this setting could be a callable or a string path that resolves to one.

Please keep in mind that it's usually not a good idea to import things in your settings, however there are cases where
it seems overkill to create a function to handle the alias, for example::

    ALDRYN_SEARCH_LANGUAGE_FROM_ALIAS = lambda alias: alias.split('-')[-1]


the example above could be used when using multiple languages and sites, all backends could have a language suffix.

The same could be achieved using a function defined somewhere else in your code like so::

    ALDRYN_SEARCH_LANGUAGE_FROM_ALIAS = "my_app.helpers.language_from_alias"



If any of the above return None then ``settings.LANGUAGE_CODE`` will be used.

By default this setting evaluates to a function that checks if the alias is in ``settings.LANGUAGES`` and if so it
uses the alias as a language.


For a complete Haystack setup, please refer to their `documentation <https://django-haystack.readthedocs.io/>`_.

For more documentation, see the `docs folder <https://github.com/divio/aldryn-search/tree/master/docs/>`_.

Integration with django CMS
===========================

aldryn-search comes with an App Hook for django CMS, and a search view using Django's class based views. If you
want to use this app hook, you can either subclass it and register it yourself, or set
``ALDRYN_SEARCH_REGISTER_APPHOOK`` to ``True``.

If you want to exclude some cms plugins from indexing, you can specify ``ALDRYN_SEARCH_PLUGINS_EXCLUDE`` setting like so::

    ALDRYN_SEARCH_EXCLUDED_PLUGINS = [
        "PluginA", "PluginB"
    ]

For pagination, aldryn-search uses ``aldryn_common.paginator.DiggPaginator``. If you want to use this built-in
pagination, make sure to install `django-spurl <https://github.com/j4mie/django-spurl>`_, and add then add ``spurl``
to ``INSTALLED_APPS``.

Pagination
==========

Results are paginated according to the ``ALDRYN_SEARCH_PAGINATION`` setting (default: 10).
If set to ``None`` pagination is disabled.

Commit message:

Updated README - Aldryn Search is deprecated (#114)

README.rst, after:

**Deprecated**

This project is no longer supported.

Divio will undertake no further development or maintenance of this project. If you are interested in continuing to 
develop it, use the fork functionality from GitHub. We are not able to transfer ownership of the repository to another 
party.

=============
Aldryn Search
=============

This package provides a search indexes for easy Haystack 2 integration with django CMS.

Contributing
============

This is a an open-source project. We'll be delighted to receive your
feedback in the form of issues and pull requests. Before submitting your
pull request, please review our `contribution guidelines
<http://docs.django-cms.org/en/latest/contributing/index.html>`_.

We're grateful to all contributors who have helped create and maintain this package.
Contributors are listed at the `contributors <https://github.com/divio/aldryn-search/graphs/contributors>`_
section.

Usage
=====

After installing aldryn-search through your package manager of choice, add ``aldryn_search`` to your
``INSTALLED_APPS``. If you run a multilingual CMS setup, you have to define a haystack backend for every language
in use::

    HAYSTACK_CONNECTIONS = {
        'en': {
            'ENGINE': 'haystack.backends.solr_backend.SolrEngine',
            'URL': 'http://my-solr-server/solr/my-site-en/',
            'TIMEOUT': 60 * 5,
            'INCLUDE_SPELLING': True,
            'BATCH_SIZE': 100,
        },
        'fr': {
            'ENGINE': 'haystack.backends.solr_backend.SolrEngine',
            'URL': 'http://my-solr-server/solr/my-site-fr/',
            'TIMEOUT': 60 * 5,
            'INCLUDE_SPELLING': True,
            'BATCH_SIZE': 100,
        },
    }

To make sure the correct backend is used during search, add ``aldryn_search.router.LanguageRouter`` to your
``HAYSTACK_ROUTERS`` setting::

    HAYSTACK_ROUTERS = ['aldryn_search.router.LanguageRouter',]



When using multiple languages, usually there's one search backend per language, when indexing it's important to know
which language is currently being used, this can be facilitated by the ``ALDRYN_SEARCH_LANGUAGE_FROM_ALIAS`` setting,
this setting could be a callable or a string path that resolves to one.

Please keep in mind that it's usually not a good idea to import things in your settings, however there are cases where
it seems overkill to create a function to handle the alias, for example::

    ALDRYN_SEARCH_LANGUAGE_FROM_ALIAS = lambda alias: alias.split('-')[-1]


the example above could be used when using multiple languages and sites, all backends could have a language suffix.

The same could be achieved using a function defined somewhere else in your code like so::

    ALDRYN_SEARCH_LANGUAGE_FROM_ALIAS = "my_app.helpers.language_from_alias"



If any of the above return None then ``settings.LANGUAGE_CODE`` will be used.

By default this setting evaluates to a function that checks if the alias is in ``settings.LANGUAGES`` and if so it
uses the alias as a language.


For a complete Haystack setup, please refer to their `documentation <https://django-haystack.readthedocs.io/>`_.

For more documentation, see the `docs folder <https://github.com/divio/aldryn-search/tree/master/docs/>`_.

Integration with django CMS
===========================

aldryn-search comes with an App Hook for django CMS, and a search view using Django's class based views. If you
want to use this app hook, you can either subclass it and register it yourself, or set
``ALDRYN_SEARCH_REGISTER_APPHOOK`` to ``True``.

If you want to exclude some cms plugins from indexing, you can specify ``ALDRYN_SEARCH_PLUGINS_EXCLUDE`` setting like so::

    ALDRYN_SEARCH_EXCLUDED_PLUGINS = [
        "PluginA", "PluginB"
    ]

For pagination, aldryn-search uses ``aldryn_common.paginator.DiggPaginator``. If you want to use this built-in
pagination, make sure to install `django-spurl <https://github.com/j4mie/django-spurl>`_, and add then add ``spurl``
to ``INSTALLED_APPS``.

Pagination
==========

Results are paginated according to the ``ALDRYN_SEARCH_PAGINATION`` setting (default: 10).
If set to ``None`` pagination is disabled.
